c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoVideo\ProyectoVideo\bin\Debug\ProyectoVideo.exe.config
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoVideo\ProyectoVideo\bin\Debug\ProyectoVideo.exe
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoVideo\ProyectoVideo\bin\Debug\ProyectoVideo.pdb
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoVideo\ProyectoVideo\obj\Debug\ProyectoVideo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoVideo\ProyectoVideo\obj\Debug\ProyectoVideo.Form1.resources
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoVideo\ProyectoVideo\obj\Debug\ProyectoVideo.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoVideo\ProyectoVideo\obj\Debug\ProyectoVideo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoVideo\ProyectoVideo\obj\Debug\ProyectoVideo.exe
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoVideo\ProyectoVideo\obj\Debug\ProyectoVideo.pdb
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoVideo\ProyectoVideo\obj\Debug\ProyectoVideo.Admin.resources
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoVideo\ProyectoVideo\obj\Debug\ProyectoVideo.AddEmpleado.resources
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoVideo\ProyectoVideo\obj\Debug\ProyectoVideo.AddUser.resources
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoVideo\ProyectoVideo\obj\Debug\ProyectoVideo.DeleteEmpleado.resources
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoVideo\ProyectoVideo\obj\Debug\ProyectoVideo.DeleteUser.resources
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoVideo\ProyectoVideo\obj\Debug\ProyectoVideo.FormEmpleado.resources
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoVideo\ProyectoVideo\obj\Debug\ProyectoVideo.ModifyEmpleado.resources
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoVideo\ProyectoVideo\obj\Debug\ProyectoVideo.ModifyUser.resources
C:\Users\Rafael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoVideo\ProyectoVideo\obj\Debug\ProyectoVideo.Cobrar.resources
C:\Users\Rafael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoVideo\ProyectoVideo\obj\Debug\ProyectoVideo.Rentar.resources
C:\Users\Rafael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoVideo\ProyectoVideo\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.dll
C:\Users\Rafael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoVideo\ProyectoVideo\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\Rafael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoVideo\ProyectoVideo\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.xml
C:\Users\Rafael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoVideo\ProyectoVideo\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
C:\Users\Rafael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoVideo\ProyectoVideo\obj\Debug\ProyectoVideo.AddMovie.resources
C:\Users\Rafael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoVideo\ProyectoVideo\obj\Debug\ProyectoVideo.DeleteMovie.resources
C:\Users\Rafael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoVideo\ProyectoVideo\obj\Debug\ProyectoVideo.ModifyMovie.resources
C:\Users\Rafael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoVideo\ProyectoVideo\obj\Debug\ProyectoVideo.VerRentas.resources
C:\Users\Rafael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoVideo\ProyectoVideo\obj\Debug\ProyectoVideo.RentasHoy.resources
C:\Users\Rafael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoVideo\ProyectoVideo\obj\Debug\ProyectoVideo.BestEmpleado.resources
